doc/contributing: adding teardown step/info (#3709)
replicatedhq/kURL: CONTRIBUTING.md

*For packages that have already been released, you can save time by running `curl -L https://k8s.kurl.sh/dist/kubernetes-1.25.2.tar.gz | tar -xzv -C kurl -f -` and `curl -L https://k8s.kurl.sh/dist/docker-20.10.17.tar.gz | tar -xzv -C kurl -f -` on the test server.*  <br />

- 📌 _Ensure that you have a_ **kurl** _directory already created (`mkdir kurl`) from wherever you run the aforementioned commands.

>   *If using `containerd` building docker packages is not necessary. Instead of build packages run `make dist/containerd-1.6.8.tar.gz && tar xzvf dist/containerd-1.6.8.tar.gz` or to download already built packages `curl -L https://k8s.kurl.sh/dist/containerd-1.6.8.tar.gz | tar -xzv -C kurl -f -`*

Reviewer: I don't think this change makes the section mean anything coherent.

```suggestion
  *If using `containerd` building docker packages is not necessary. Instead, run `make dist/containerd-1.6.8.tar.gz && tar xzvf dist/containerd-1.6.8.tar.gz` or to download already built packages `curl -L https://k8s.kurl.sh/dist/containerd-1.6.8.tar.gz | tar -xzv -C kurl -f -`*
```

This would make it match line 13 in structure.

    ```
    *NOTE: `install.sh` runs are idempotent, consecutive runs on changed spec will update kURL installation.*

### Cleaning up(teardown) 

> Currently, it is **not** possible to clean up all that is installed by kURL.
> The best effort would to be use the task `sudo bash ./tasks.sh reset`.
> However, ideally you will need a new instance/VM for each test scenario.
> 
> **NOTE** You can run `make clean` to clean up the `build/` directory locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, it is **not** possible to clean up everything that is installed or modified by kURL.
There is a best effort script that can be run with `sudo bash ./tasks.sh reset`, but it is not always perfect.
Ideally you will need a new instance/VM for each test scenario.

Contributions and bug reports for things that the reset script does not currently handle are welcomed.

**NOTE** You can run `make clean` to clean up the `build/` directory locally.
```
